you ready
Jeff baton waited jerk maintenance
something that back back home is a huge
deal I mean you know we just catch a lot
of fish on them you know from January
clear through to little spawn and one of
the kind of isolated deals is this big
rip our we catch a lot of big fish on
this big repel I I let a be a SS
tournament a couple years ago on it and
it's just kind of an overlook made it's
just kind of an oversized bait but at
that big repel we weighed it to where
it'll suspend like all the rest of them
you have to jerk the heck out of it I
mean it's it's a hard bait to work
you'll end up looking like Popeye for
the days out if you throw out a bunch
but it's kind of an overlooked bait me
and Terry Basuke Canyon Hill Pete dad
there's a little handful of us that
throw it a bunch you know but but it's
not a lucky craft it's not a mega bass
but it's a heck of a bait you know to
catch a big old string or a bass and
it's not always the day that you would
expect to you know sometimes the real
blustery windy you know 40 mile an hour
days that you can't fish anything else
are the really prime days to throw it
but also it's a great bait to throw on a
dead slick calm day you know just big
bass lead a big bass and and like I say
it's just a bait that we catch a ton of
bass on over the year throughout the
course of the year you know I'll have a
couple of those really big days you know
on it you modify those too oh yeah a
little bit you know I had a little bit
of weight to it you know so it'll make
it to spend most the time I had mine in
the back I've got some of them that I
had up you know through the sides of it
it's pretty crude some um I still add a
little weight to the hook but because
it's a big wood bait you know you can
modify it in a lot of different ways you
know like that when I've got the weight
back there on the back end
you know because maybe when I put it in
the water you know it's floating a
little bit too much head down so I
wanted to float you know more level in
the water so yeah we modified in a lot
of different ways a lot of different
colors there's a little bit of weight in
the belly of that one you know just kind
of depends on what I want it to do
you know sometimes I learnt to float
head down sometimes I want it to float
real level but like say because it's a
wood bait you can actually manipulate it
and you know there's weights in the back
of that one there you know you can you
can weight it a lot of different ways to
make it do what you want it to do it's
easier to work with in a plastic bait
and I think that's probably why I throw
it it's a big wooden bait like say and
it's easier to mess with and manipulate